Lilliana Robinson: Now, we're not okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Pools.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay?
Lilliana Robinson: I think we're good to start. Does anyone have any questions? The pitch order went up this morning. If you haven't seen that
Lilliana Robinson: any questions. No one has any questions, any needs regarding Demo Day. Anything.
Lilliana Robinson: demo day. Wait. Are we time between working in the morning and going from getting right and then going, or
Lilliana Robinson: before we fight getting ready. We're gonna go through it together. That's a good question.
Lilliana Robinson: cause. I'm sure other people have that question, Jayla. Let's reshare
Lilliana Robinson: alright.
Lilliana Robinson: This is my favorite day.
Lilliana Robinson: our weekly overview. It's the last one. If we go down to Thursday
Lilliana Robinson: I've written out exactly where you need to be. And you have right here.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, that's your break. 3, 30. It's it's Calendar 3, 30 is when you need to be back at the venue. I wanna I'm gonna do a head count
Lilliana Robinson: for 3 30 because everyone needs to be in their place. It takes a lot longer to gather everybody and be situated and ready to have the guests come, and most guests will start coming at 4, even though it says 4 15 doors open. I know from experience. People will arrive early, so we want to be ready to accept them.
Lilliana Robinson: The last if you're in team port. You're gonna have a longer break. If you're in team, starboard you'll have the morning off. So Starboard gets there at 1050 team. Port gets there at
Lilliana Robinson: 8 50.
Lilliana Robinson: Singapore is off
Lilliana Robinson: starting at 1130,
Lilliana Robinson: and so Team port will have 1130 to 3, 30 team starboard will have the morning off, and then they'll have 1, 30 to 3, 30. Yes, cause it overlaps. So like I said, port is done at 1130. Starboard gets there at 1050 from 11 to 1130. We're going to have it. All hands
Lilliana Robinson: very important, with a lot of important info about like the run of show that's not relevant for right now. So I'll just tell you that I have. Well, with that being, said expectation. There's almost always some auto you have to like call
Lilliana Robinson: is. It's a new venue.
Lilliana Robinson: something with audio, something with visual, something with the placement of something, a chair. Who knows but we'll make whatever adjustments we need to make then and agree as a group. What we're gonna do.
Lilliana Robinson: Can we make it to the slides? It's full screen like we can get rid of everybody. No, no, no, you just go to view. We don't need all the zoom.
Lilliana Robinson: It's nice to
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, and then just pull it.
Lilliana Robinson: Make it bigger. Alright any questions about the demo day itinerary.
Lilliana Robinson: It's a external resolution
Lilliana Robinson: around here. Yeah, it's like 15 min away. So you'll definitely need to take an Uber like it is a drive away from here. But it's close. That's away.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright happy birthday again, Sylvie.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we already set it, for
Lilliana Robinson: we went through everyone's birthday. And we're like, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: okay, cool. That was a good question, Jayla. I was. I was just joking and calling you out. This is actually really good for everyone to see
Lilliana Robinson: if there are no other questions, we'll go ahead and start alright.
Lilliana Robinson: So.
Lilliana Robinson: for, like we said this in the very first orientation, when we were sitting right here on day one. And now we're getting to the point where that is actually applicable to you guys because you're gonna what I call graduate. But Texas doesn't call it graduating. They just call it finishing the program becoming alumni graduate. Well, some people don't like Texas sound like school, so not everybody calls it that. But I don't mind.
Lilliana Robinson: So what we're gonna go over today is how to best engage with us as alumni. What changes, what doesn't change what you can expect after Friday.
Lilliana Robinson: So post program
Lilliana Robinson: what to focus on and additional resources. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So people on fundraise updates are still important. Just not every week. Nobody needs a week anymore unless you really care to do that, like, I've had a few founders that I had. I did meet with every week for a while.
Lilliana Robinson: The longest running I have. It's every 2 weeks for the company I invested in my first class
Lilliana Robinson: back in her like late 2019. So almost 4 and a half years.
Lilliana Robinson: But most of you a quarterly check in is more than enough. But also now expanding beyond this ray area, the little outside network taking advantage of. Now you have the whole world to take advantage.
Lilliana Robinson: So
Lilliana Robinson: you wanna say more here?
Lilliana Robinson: No, that's exactly right. Most of you will want to go, probably monthly, right after program, especially because you have so much happening. A lot of you will be raising, but over time, if growth slow down, and you just are like focused a lot more heads down. I've seen a lot of our companies go quarterly, especially if they're not trying to raise, or certain things like
Lilliana Robinson: when they aren't consistent with their updates. They just get consistent when they're trying to find. So it's like, Oh, clearly they're now they want to commute. Now they want to give an update. But then, when they're not doing that, but not supposed to be updates. And that'll actually look poorly in your data.
Lilliana Robinson: because we'll ask for like a leisure of all your investor updates. And if it's sparse and only really connected to your rounds. It actually looks.
Lilliana Robinson: you know, impressive than having, like a like clear, communicative, consistent discipline and communicating to investment.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, the entire tech system
Lilliana Robinson: system
Lilliana Robinson: went forward and sent to everyone. Because I recognize that
Lilliana Robinson: I mean you all are the most important thing, though. So yes, to repeat the question for the call. Tune? They asked. Is everyone in involved in the program? Should they be on the updates? I think they should, and they can opt out but at the very least it should be me. And updates that text starts. Those are the 2 that you definitely want optionally. Everyone else if they want to. If you want them to all that, I think it's great to keep everybody posting how you
Lilliana Robinson: more eyes from our end on how we can help.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I get a lot of our alumni updates. So
Lilliana Robinson: cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Some of our associates will be off boarded. And then there you ask about the associates there. Texas emails, robots. But that's just because moving on to other endeavors.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, fundraising. So we have the investor reveal, which was, that's already due. But we sent that in base camp. That's something that happens sometimes. So if that comes up again, probably in a year or so, we will post that again for you guys. If you missed it or you weren't.
Lilliana Robinson: you didn't feel like your business was ready at this point.
Lilliana Robinson: Remember that the data room
Lilliana Robinson: part 2. The very last one that is optional is something you should all go back to and do, which is an up to date pitch deck. It actually explains 2 different kinds of pitch decks you should have. So we make it optional because that's not relevant right now, while we're preparing for Demo Day. But right after program that should probably be one of the things that set for yourselves kind of like an extra bonus assignment, even though you're an alum to do your pitch deck just so that you always have one up to date.
Lilliana Robinson: Don't? Oh, don't shut helpful mentors out of your round leverage the network. This is important. I think there are a lot of people who have helped you guys who are kind of expecting that when you go to raise you will leave space for them in your
Lilliana Robinson: to invest.
Lilliana Robinson: and they're they're just waiting for you to ask. The question
Lilliana Robinson: is Ferona here?
Lilliana Robinson: But maybe she's in the office
Lilliana Robinson: a lot of these things you've just gone through. So I'd like you to speak to it. We were asking about the whole, not asking mentors to invest.
Lilliana Robinson: Didn't some of the mentors say like, Why are you asking me to be in your bound like? Ask me for money? Oh, yes, yeah. Well, there's there's a couple, I think the first one was I shared during the first week of verification that the Eir. So we're like, why don't you ask me for money? And so I think I I hope we don't remember. If if not reminder like, ask them for money. You're probably it's it's a great opportunity to
Lilliana Robinson: potentially get money and also get a practice in as well, because they will let you know, like what you're not doing right before you actually go out and ask
Lilliana Robinson: money from investors. So it's like a safer space for the ers
Lilliana Robinson: and
Lilliana Robinson: for oh, for the mentors. That's right. So
Lilliana Robinson: I think I can.
Lilliana Robinson: Hopefully, this is but applicable to
Lilliana Robinson: like Bay area management as well, because I only work with primarily. Yes. So for the Chicago mentors. Something. We have already program also awesome. Because I think so. One of the things that our 4 was struggling with was like, hey? Do you know, if ABC is an angel investor, because sometimes they won't, they would invest that they don't say publicly.
Lilliana Robinson: And so, and for a long time we were like, Oh, this is not just ask. They will tell you like. The worst thing that could happen is that they say, no.
Lilliana Robinson: and that's yeah. I don't know. That's that's kind of how we did it eventually. So
Lilliana Robinson: perfect any questions for, yeah, go ahead. My, my question is, how does this tie into the
Lilliana Robinson: which old mantra that if you work.
Lilliana Robinson: and if you want advice, ask for money as most time. So you've already asked for advice like that already happened. So now you're doing them a favor. And you just say, like no pressure, it's called. We do this a lot on our team. It's called first right of refusal where you're like. Look, you've helped me so much. I'm launching my route, would, you know, cause you're helping me.
Lilliana Robinson: I just want you to know if this is something that you'd like to be a part of, I would love to have you no pressure at all, but I want to give you first read a refusal before I go start asking, you know, strangers, and it will mean so much to them, even if they're not in the position to invest. We've had some mentors who would have loved to invest, but a family member got sick or something, so they're pausing their angel investment. It still means
Lilliana Robinson: a lot to them that you ask them. So even if they say No, it's no hard feelings, because they might have personal reasons why not to, but it is kind of expected. So just know that they'll see it
Lilliana Robinson: not great if you, if you don't ask them, a lot of people might really want to put in money.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. So good question, Kelvin, you've already done the ask for ask for advice thing. So now it's time to get the money.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, techstars, universe is everything. Use it. And this includes the text, stars discord.
Lilliana Robinson: We'd love to have a background. Text. Our discord is where David Cohen is who is now our CEO, which is awesome. So some of you have already talked to him on the discord. He's still gonna be active on there. He loves helping founders. If you're not on the discord yet, please get on. Who is on the discord? Is there anyone that can help. Okay. So look at the people with hands up.
Lilliana Robinson: If you're not on the discord, go ask treat thrift ship, dub prime run, bear, go ask them. A lot of people might not have used discord before, so ask your fellow classmates get on there. It's very, very useful. As alumni. Other alumni will go and help you. You can post any problems that you're having. You can follow different things. You can find events in your city. There are different channels for different cities. There are channels for
Lilliana Robinson: different problems. You might have like tech problems, hiring problems, marketing problems, and people love to help. So not only is David Cohen there, but other alumni more successful. Go on there to give first as well.
Lilliana Robinson: David Coates. Now the CEO of Tech starts, whereas for the past. I don't know. Year or so he's been very involved on discord like really available, because that's where he spends his time. He was chairman of the boards. He wasn't working day to day, so he was paying on discord to answer friends, questions, and connect and whatever. So whoever's taking advantage of that with the past year is now more connected to him than people now move forward.
Lilliana Robinson: So he's gonna be too busy, probably, to spend as much time there that he did before.
Lilliana Robinson: So there's probably other people like him that are in there working. Now that won't be as available in the future that you wanna have connections to.
Lilliana Robinson: So take full advantage of that community if you can
Lilliana Robinson: perfect
Lilliana Robinson: what does it mean? Some of you won't have a plan. Yeah. I mean they know what it means, but I'll I'll I'll say it again some of you already are not planning to raise yet. Some of you aren't sure whether you're going to raise at all, and some of you have expectations that
Lilliana Robinson: you need to raise. Otherwise you can't make progress or move forward.
Lilliana Robinson: That last group is the one that I would be the most cautious about. And if that's where you're at, make sure you and I have a conversation in the next few weeks about what backup plans exist. I think founders wait too late to talk to me, and I get calls and they go. I'm running out of money in 2 months. I'm like.
Lilliana Robinson: that's a little too late for us to have fun.
Lilliana Robinson: But if you give me more of a heads up, and we come up with some other alternatives and some options. You can get creative. We I can have you make some tough decisions sooner than what you think you should, but I'm telling you you need to make them sooner. There's lots of ways to extend your runway to make alternative revenue generating plans, and they're all the ideas aren't in your head, either. Most of the founders I talked to were in that situation are always like, oh, I didn't think about that, or I didn't realize I could do that. So there's so many things that you might believe already that you have to do. And
Lilliana Robinson: it's up to the fundraisers to give you money, otherwise you can't do anything, and that couldn't be further from the truth.
Lilliana Robinson: It just requires a little bit little bit of additional support. So yeah, that's
Lilliana Robinson: that happens too often for me to
Lilliana Robinson: be happy about. I want to help you sooner. The reason we have this written is because we've seen we only have a handful like less than 10 who have shut down out of our 130 plus
Lilliana Robinson: companies in the portfolio. But a lot of those 10 are from people who were counting on a post program raise and did not have a plan, for if they didn't hit the number that they wanted or didn't raise at all, and then they just kind of struck their shoulders, and they're not sure what to do. So you should have a plan, a plan, B, and plan C for what you're gonna do post program. I think a lot of you. Your expectations might be
Lilliana Robinson: thwarted, and not having a plan is not wise.
Lilliana Robinson: for whatever reason maybe you weren't going to raise, and then you start getting capital like it might be in the good way as well. So it's not only bad news, but just have plans. That's the best way to do it.
Lilliana Robinson: No one's gonna believe before you.
Lilliana Robinson: So if you're expecting someone else to give you money when you're not committed to figuring out a way to make the business work, whether or not someone else will.
Lilliana Robinson: That that energy's pretty obvious.
Lilliana Robinson: We say this every single time, and then we still get calls from founders who are disappointed by how many knows they get. We got a call from one founder who called us, and was just heartbroken because I got 10 notes.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you remember Mertz founder story. He got 200 notes, 200 before closing his round.
Lilliana Robinson: People just underestimate how it feels. You underestimate how it's gonna feel like you love your business. We love you and your business. You're gonna go out there, this thing that you love and everyone's gonna go. Your thing sucks, and that doesn't feel good, right? And then (102) 030-5100. And you're dealing with just getting pummel and pummel and pummel. We're trying to set this expectation. It will happen, and it should be all good.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, just a question about them. You mentioned that one of the at least 3 weeks, I think, is the right expectation set, because it takes them time to like. Do all that processing work and setting up as soon as we get it. We get it to you right away. So as soon as it's available, a lot of the times, right after program, though, everyone's like
Lilliana Robinson: constantly asking us when it's going to be ready. And then then we're constantly asking them when it's going to be ready. And I just want to set the right expectation that we're not in control of forcing their hand and finish that it's the contract says like 3 to 4 weeks. Sometimes they finish it sooner, but there are 24 of you, and they edit it, too. So like they'll put in your logo at the beginning, and they'll embed your video. So it's not just like a point and shoot recording of the video on the wall will embed it. So it's like nice. So there's a bit of post production.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, can I ask them to give me some of the files as well, so I can re-edit them myself. Yeah, I'll give you the once they give it back. Once they give it to us. I'll give you their email, and you can reach out for whatever you need.
Lilliana Robinson: Lisa, you could share the same. I'll just give you guys their email. And you can email them if you want the wrong stuff. That's totally fine. I'm sure they have no problem with that.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, I'll give it to you after they send it so that they're just heads down. Until then
Lilliana Robinson: do that a little bit more of like, maybe there's an example of the title.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So what I'll do is I usually recommend 3 scenarios and your model, and you all can do the shortcut now and do the financial feasibility. You know thing that Troy taught you but it's usually like a high medium and low. I is like I fundraise. And I got how much I wanted medium. Is
Lilliana Robinson: you taking a reasonable guess at what you will accomplish as opposed to your stretch goal? And then low, is, what if I don't get what I want. What is my plan? So once you lay it out with the numbers, and what you think you need to do when it comes to hiring or pausing like certain expenses and things like that. We'll meet, and we'll talk through those different scenarios. And then I might come up with a few more other ideas, for how you could, you know, have a different business model, or change your pricing strategy. Or
Lilliana Robinson: you know, sometimes there's it makes sense to like. Go part time on the business and take another job that you can very easily do as a contractor, consultant. Make sure you're paying your, but you know, like it just goes like you're each of you all have a different situation. And I just kind of figure out what that is. And then we do our best.
Lilliana Robinson: but there's always a way to survive. That's the thing like you can give it more of a chance, and you won't belabor it like, if it makes sense to call it, I'll tell you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. But it's about having that time to like. Give yourself that time to think about those options so like now said, like 2 months is not enough to implement. But it's usually cutting costs. So lori burn and short term revenue goals so like cut alternative revenue structures that can like feed you. For now, until you're able to accomplish your your long term goal.
Lilliana Robinson: lot of people thought they could spin their way into having customers
Lilliana Robinson: like I can just buy customers. And that's gonna work. And then, after program, now, they're nervous. They're not seeing the numbers that they want. So they try to shoot the money gun at the customer problem, and then it still doesn't work. And then they burn through more cash. So stuff like that happens all the time.
Lilliana Robinson: Yup, alright. And then we have the Texas founder fundraising toolkit. We also have our own base camp fundraising list that we've made. So like you can ask Neil or myself if that's something you want us to instantiate in your project. But this is public online for you guys as well
Lilliana Robinson: and ask for help. Do not wait to talk to Neil. Do not be afraid to talk to Neil. A lot of people wait because they're intimidated, or when things aren't going well, they think he's going to be upset.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, so don't nobody's here. It's fine. It's fine. I don't know what I'll say. Is there anything else? I guess you know it's probably useful to know, like how I end up here, anyway.
Lilliana Robinson: So I haven't seen you guys in so long. So just for context, a couple of things happened is that, I have to move out here for to California. At the end of the program
Lilliana Robinson: from Chicago. And I'm like 3 weeks thinking about like the Neil's gonna be mad. It's gonna be terrible. And we had breakfast, and that was done like 30 min.
Lilliana Robinson: maybe less is probably like 5 min. And he was like cool. That's that's one data point. And then the second one is. So we my company couldn't close last March.
Lilliana Robinson: and
Lilliana Robinson: in April I mentioned to Neil first like, Hey couldn't close. I want us to work on it part time at the time.
Lilliana Robinson: me to find a way to pay myself.
Lilliana Robinson: And so he was like, Okay, cool. We sort of brainstorming. But like, maybe I can ta for him at Kelly and things like that. And so when I came back to Chicago, essentially, they, it was kind of like, okay, we have a plan for you. You're gonna be if I'm the residence. And that's what happened. And initially, it was just for the Chicago program, because we only had Chicago program. And so when this happened, we were like, this is great because I live in Oakland. It's gonna be in Oakland. That's why I got involved that way. So anyways, so
Lilliana Robinson: trying out, pretty good. Yeah, it's like, so don't wait up if you, if you have to have a difficult conversation. So because at least I have 2 data points now that, like the first one
Lilliana Robinson: didn't go the way I had it in my brain. Second one. I got a job with the greatest seam that I could think of. And so
Lilliana Robinson: no, no downsides. Yeah. I mean what I remember Toronto was like
Lilliana Robinson: she had a certain amount of money she needed to make every month to just make ends meet. And I was like, All right. Let's figure out a plan to get you that right. Whatever we can do, we can open our network. I can try to make some things happen. But like I try my best to help people out to the extent that I can. And even if it's not me, it's someone we know that can open a door, and people love working with founders and former founders experience that you all got in this program and running your business like it, makes you different and highly employable that ever becomes a concern or inside.
Lilliana Robinson: So just know that you all are extremely talented. You're never gonna like, go without the ability to take care of yourselves, and we'll make sure we help you out. Okay, cool. So the floor is covered. Now let's talk about the scene.
Lilliana Robinson: This is something I refer to. This is what we call the emotional feeling that you'll feel after Friday. Some of you talked about it in the Round Table. You look at your calendar and like next week, it's just empty. I mean, you guys, some of you are going to New York tech week, so it'll be the following week. It's at least empty from all of the things I put on your calendar. How about that? And so
Lilliana Robinson: it's gonna feel lonely. It's gonna feel sad. And that's okay. You've had this amazing 12 week experience. You've talked to all of your co-founders every single day. It's it's been like getting to be like just in this amazing community daily. And then, all of a sudden, you're not gonna hear from us all every single day, and then I'll be different. And that's okay. So we just say this now so that you're aware of it like it says, Be aware of it, but reach out to one another, be there for one another connect. That will help.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, if you don't have co-founders, you need this even more. If you're solo founder, connect with your cohort. Be like blowing up the group chat. Make sure that you're meeting at a normal cadence which we'll get into in the 12 by 12, I think. Now. But you guys should keep in touch. It is gonna feel very strange. Another thing that happens is you have this lack of structure.
Lilliana Robinson: So for those of you. Some of you have an incredible discipline, and you don't need this anyways. But the majority of founders I hear they'll ping us and be like I don't know what to do without this lack of structure. I was used to these weekly assignments weekly cadence, you know we we do, kpis. On Monday we wrap up the week on Friday. I'm always doing things for tech stars, which helps you do more for your business because the ball rolling stays in motion.
Lilliana Robinson: And now you don't have that external structure. So it's up to you guys to build that to find that. Look back at our project management workshops. Look back at Maxes. All of those things are tools to help you with the click, because it's gonna be different, even though it might not feel like that right now.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, yeah. I mean, he said it. Great. It's just just know that it's real. And you also got you. You will feel. Thank you. Guarantee.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, they said, is the base camp with all the recordings and stuff in green. Alright.
Lilliana Robinson: this is blocking. I can't see the bird.
Lilliana Robinson: What does it say, text, our universe, keep your profile updated. That is something that alumni use more than people during program. So and it's continuing to be built. So we're adding more investors, more net mentors on there every single month. So keep your profile updated on text. Our universe. Think of it just like just like Linkedin, but for tech the text. Our side
Lilliana Robinson: pitch book, too. I don't know if that's somewhere on the deck or not. But a lot of investors will tell me like a founder. They they kind of already have, like a negative mark on a founder if they don't have their information publicly updated.
Lilliana Robinson: So if your name is different or something else different about your business, you don't have that up to date. It's kind of like, just good hygiene.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you actually update from your side. No, you guys.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, I think the majority don't do that. So
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, yeah, I understand what you're saying. Yeah, it makes sense. I don't like those automation pieces because you guys know your business more than us. So like at any given point, we might be a couple of weeks behind on like knowing what you're up to, especially when we start a new program. That's not beneficial to you. That's why I don't like to do it. So that's on you guys, you guys need to keep crunch and pitch updated.
Lilliana Robinson: If people have said like, they go online and look up your company. And one or both of those is not updated. They assume you're like a fake company, or that you're not
Lilliana Robinson: worth your. So that's very serious. Make sure that you keep those updated. If you want to be considered legit. There are 2 post program surveys very important. We talked about this at the Retreat. One is the techstars Nps survey.
Lilliana Robinson: you know, and I do not think that Mps is the best way to judge this experience. And it's an imperfect metric. But that's what text our chosen. So they will send that to you. But we will send our own post program feedback survey with large text blocks, and that is so important. So the Mps, you're gonna give us some numbers and you're gonna tell them what you thought. But for post program feedback survey from our team, and I'll probably call it like the
Lilliana Robinson: Neil's team post program survey. I read every single one of those responses usually founders write up like some paragraphs to me. And I implement that feedback. We have a big meeting, a post mortem. We read through the feedback. We iterate a lot of the things you guys have experienced this time are things that we read in the survey from last program. So that is not something you're just gonna fill out. And it goes into the void. I need that feedback so that we can iterate and be better.
Lilliana Robinson: It's a really important tradition for us to make sure that it's basically your way of handing off the next program to the next wave of founders. So they have an even better experience.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Yeah. And also 12 by 12 and Round Table alternate cause. It was too many hours for everyone.
Lilliana Robinson: That being said Mps is so important. I just want to call that out because it influences my capacity as the manager of this team to advocate for promotions and compensation.
Lilliana Robinson: and raises and offers and stuff like that. So at the very least let people know how good this team is if they've been great and I think they have been. But I'll let you be the decision maker for that cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, they told us about that. Yeah, I I don't really know what it's about, but they did give us a heads up that you all, they'd be sending it to somehow.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, it's yeah, something something different than what we're doing. Like, we're not talking about that.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we do random like data collection things like that. That's just different, and separate from central. But this is about your program experience. So yeah, Mps will not have as many places to give like formal feedback. And that's also to central. So like things you would actually like to see change in the program. Please let me know in our team survey
Lilliana Robinson: communications for those who didn't hear Lisa's question is Base camp going to stay? Yes, you have base camp access forever, because Neil has that special relationship with Jason Fried. It's a it's a forever, forever account with unlimited people. So you guys will be in there as long as you would like some people continue running their program or their company on there.
Lilliana Robinson: We recommend doing so until you get big enough that you are able to get your own account, because, remember, Neil and I will still be the owners and admins of the account, so you won't have certain liberties that you would have if you had your own. But while you're small and scrappy, if you want to continue using it totally fine.
Lilliana Robinson: regardless of whether you use it to run your company or not. You should keep your account because you can access all the recordings. And the Hq is where we continually interact with you guys. So we send out events we send out invites to the ski retreat. We send out important updates. You guys need to know from
Lilliana Robinson: fun things, but also really important things. Because sometimes we need you guys to fill out certain data collection things for text tires. And all of those things are things that we send in the Hq. If you don't want to be bombarded with a bunch of stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: you can turn back on email notifications after program because we won't be pinging you very much. You will not get very much. Probably about a week after program. People will still be sending pictures and
Lilliana Robinson: congratulations for about a week, and then, after that, it's gonna get really quiet. You'll hear from us every couple of months. We'll post something, for example, we just posted in last class, or someone in last class just posted about New York tech week. So they're like planning in the Hq about New York tech week. Yeah. And one of our other founders just last week was on the new Gordon Ramsey show.
Lilliana Robinson: and we yeah congratulate each other. It's a good place to give kudos and shout people out, or if you meet up with someone, if people go to Chile and take yourself, you put in the campfire, it's fun to stay connected so definitely use it for that and make sure that you're there in the Hq. When we do reach out, because it's usually for very important things.
Lilliana Robinson: I think it's a really clever move to turn back on email updates. After that's a really good way. If you don't use base camp, you don't want to be bothered base camp. Let it come to you in your inbox, as many other things do.
Lilliana Robinson: That's just in settings. When you click on your face in the top right join events. So founder con is not something you guys have gone to yet. It is every fall
Lilliana Robinson: we'll have to see if it happens this fall, just due to all the changes with our leadership transitioning. I assume it will. It always happens here. Yeah, isn't it?
Lilliana Robinson: And but yeah, last 2 years ago was in Oakland last year. It was an Sf. I think it'll probably be an Sf. Again this fall, because we're gonna launch an Sf. Program, and it's usually at the end of October or the very beginning of November. You will all get invites. I highly recommend going. People usually find it so fulfilling and worth the money. I know it's expensive to fly back out to the bay, but you will get to make connections with thousands of other alumni companies. We have sessions that are only for you guys. It's a proprietary conference. It's only for alumni.
Lilliana Robinson: and we put on sessions from Mds. We put on sessions from our industry partners, and it's usually very, very helpful to founders, not only just from making the connections to other alumni, but also the content that they put on.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know what's going on. What's going on? Do you guys know what's going on over there
Lilliana Robinson: here in the Bay area? Yeah, founder. So you guys will get an invite about it, probably like closer to the fall, and it's every year that being said could be somewhere else. I don't know. I think the reason it's been here is because we haven't had a program here.
Lilliana Robinson: And this is where the most fundraising activity happens on earth so helpful that they would deploy all the textile fans from all over the world to come to the bay. Now that we're here, I don't know what their plan is, so we'll see.
Lilliana Robinson: But it was really awesome. You all. I don't have a side for this, but I hope you understand that you have special access
Lilliana Robinson: to San Francisco now. So we're gonna be getting rid of. We're gonna be relinquishing this office sadly in a few months, and then we'll be moving to San Francisco. I'm currently going to Sf. Every week and looking at office spaces. So we have some nice options. And once I have that all set up.
Lilliana Robinson: I have it probably hopefully by August, but the latest I'll have it in September. My portfolio obviously is gonna have a little bit more access than anybody else to that space. Right? So I don't wanna make any guarantees. But my goal is to hook you all up, so make sure you always have a place to go in San Francisco.
Lilliana Robinson: And then another thing for those of you who aren't from here, things that we're spinning up that used to be super big before Covid. And then I kind of died is text our chapters. So that's coming soon. It is getting resuned up. That's like. In certain cities there are techstars, ecosystems of alumni and people, and you can meet up with them. Miami has a big one. Like basically, wherever you are.
Lilliana Robinson: New York has a big one. Yeah. So even if you're not here, you can meet the alumni in your area. That's not something that has fully spun back up Post Covid. But they're working.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Oh, yeah, we are. Oh, yeah. So in Chicago we came up with this thing that I named called Shycon, and it's like a founder con. But for Chicago alumni. So we did that every year while we ran Texas, Chicago it was awesome. It was a 2 day in person conference. We invited all of our alumni and all of our mentors back. We had them teach each other sessions on fun days, anything from like cocktails to card games to enterprise sales.
Lilliana Robinson: What else? Like Kanye West music before? That was like problematic solution to me. But it's all good, you know. But
Lilliana Robinson: no. So I would say, the big thing for that I want you to look out for is, if we start program in September. We I could tell you right now, if we do it when it would be
Lilliana Robinson: so, when does program start? It would be the weekend. Right? Yeah. So when does program start in September? September ninth? Yeah. So it would be the sixth, seventh, and or eighth
Lilliana Robinson: of September. Just to put that on your radar if we do it, that's when it would be. And what it would mean is.
Lilliana Robinson: basically we have. I don't know 100 and almost 140 something companies we invite all of those founders, whether their businesses are active or not to come back. And it's a way for everybody that we've ever worked with or invested in, to come back together and to welcome the next class of companies in.
Lilliana Robinson: So it's a way to connect with the mentors certain investors, certain founders that are now doing other things. Some are still running their businesses and doing great. But just think of, like all the alums you've met through zoom, this program like Dan C. And Alex, or you're gonna see Brent. And sometimes Merck comes through. Troy always comes like it's fun to see all the folks in the program in person for a couple of days, and the way we do it isn't actually a conference. It's actually more like.
Lilliana Robinson: has anyone heard of an unconference?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, so it's like that. So Friday.
Lilliana Robinson: tonight, when people come through, there's no agenda. We have slots for Saturday, sometimes Sunday, but definitely Saturday, and then you all decide what you want the day to look like. So people just come up with things that they want to do with each other. So it's a lot of fun. Yeah. Well.
Lilliana Robinson: okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, there we go. Engage. Okay. So keep your one on one times with your lead mentors. If it's a double opted that's on, you guys, if you've, you know, fostered the relationship. Well, they may say yes. If they're swamped, they may say, no, there's no expectation. There's also no expectation that your eirs will continue meeting with you. It sounds like Troy is like pretty pretty Swamp, because he's given a lot of hours to helping you guys out
Lilliana Robinson: outside of what was expected for him as an eir, so maybe give him some time. But other Eirs might be interested in meeting with you guys just know that they're not paid after this week, so it is not mandatory it is. It would be out of the kindness of their heart. So we'll see. But ask them
Lilliana Robinson: to see if they will meet with you. Monthly.
Lilliana Robinson: Continue to have regular check ins with Neil. After program, we'll make a post about how to connect with Neil, how to stay in contact with him. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: remember that. That's everybody can book time. Everybody has my calendar after program. I don't do it during program for a very good reason. But at the end of program. I give you access to my whole calendar, so you can book time whenever you want.
Lilliana Robinson: So you always have that I recommend having a reason like an agenda if you want to. I recommend having an agenda if you'd like to book a meeting with me now. But if if it's just a one off thing that fastest way you can get it still box here. So along I send him boxes like every single day. You get immediate responses. You usually can't book a meeting out for like a couple of weeks. So if that's something that you like want to talk about now.
Lilliana Robinson: just do a a box here. I still recommend that as the best way, and then, if you really need to talk through something, send him a calendar sometimes with founders.
Lilliana Robinson: but they have to be structured, intentional and productive.
Lilliana Robinson: They can't just be hang out with Neil every 2 weeks for 30 min. Cancel it. Cause. So I actually require. When you send me a calendar, invite that I have 2 forms to fill out where you have to say what the agenda is, and what you, what success looks like Troy, and a cost style. But on top of that, like I'll give you a few examples. Both like thriving and struggling founders I will have regular check ins with, and I'll dial up my engagement with the founders. There's a lot going on that we need to work on together, for example.
Lilliana Robinson: So both Troy and I have done this in the past where we like we it gets to the point where sometimes you'll meet with the found every single day.
Lilliana Robinson: because you're working on something important with them, and you're trying to help them get over something. So I've done that I still meet with Jake from zest every 2 weeks like clockwork every Monday afternoon for the past, like I don't know. Almost 2 years I've met with Jake every 2 weeks.
Lilliana Robinson: and every single meeting I've ever had with him
Lilliana Robinson: beforehand. I got an agenda
Lilliana Robinson: every single time the email yup you, but you can send it in any place that makes sense. I sometimes I check email, sometimes I don't. But he sends it via email. And it's great.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? Next one scheduled class calls. So our 2,013 Chicago class was Eric Severin Houses class. So if you were here during Eric's workshop is yeah, yeah. His his resilience. One, the one that climbed Mount Everest.
Lilliana Robinson: He was in 2,013, with Troy. They have met every month, every month or every quarter, every quarter for 11 years to this day, he said. Do you remember he said he was like missing half of it to be here with us, and he never misses meos them, and apology that that is how much he and his class are dedicated. That was also training. These classes
Lilliana Robinson: got room on the cap table, and then they all collectively invested trading view. Yeah, some of you have heard of some of you have. So trading view is, I think the number one like company all time for tech stars as far as Unicorn outcome. So most successful investment, we've made sure we made it good for him so he's top of the leaderboard there, and that class the company decided to make some space available for their next round for the entire class pull together funds to invest.
Lilliana Robinson: So everybody want with that deal which is great. So one of you end up breaking out. It would be great to let everybody know, and maybe even make that possible. If you can make it work. I think it's a really good move, yeah, like. But basically, you all could all pitch in on a phone invest in a company that's gonna keep growing. Yeah, it's pretty cool. So they did that with trading view in that class and everybody.
Lilliana Robinson: That's something good.
Lilliana Robinson: Last program in Chicago. They tried to do that as well, but they they were like slocking on the logistics. So it ended up falling through. They were very close to doing it, so they didn't create a fund. It was kind of vehicle.
Lilliana Robinson: So it's like a little bit more nuance. Yeah, they did some fancy stuff they put like some pool together, like everyone's an angel kind of weird about that, is it?
Lilliana Robinson: I promise you it was worth the money. So whoever they hired to help figure that out was worth it. So anyways, you guys should use scheduled class calls, so I guess this is a good time to talk about it. I'll reiterate it in the 12 by 12 tomorrow
Lilliana Robinson: a few of you will emerge as leaders, you'll you'll probably just self identify. I wanna organize this. We're gonna have scheduled calls other classes like for on this class. They decided that they're gonna make a spreadsheet. One person made a spreadsheet, and they assigned everybody a quarter. So a 3 month period for the next 4 years. So we're still in that period, because I was in 2022, and for every quarter one person was in charge of setting the
Lilliana Robinson: scheduled monthly call. So when was yours like you. You've already done yours. Okay, cool. So still the same thing. The leaders just do it, and they still have their call. Corona always sends a screenshot. Sometimes it's 6 people, sometimes it's 2, sometimes it's 10. Some people will float in and out, and some people will be there every month, but it's still really helpful to have this anchor, even as you change like. Fona has gone in and out of her startup.
Lilliana Robinson: starting a new startup. And she has that community so definitely still have your scheduled class calls. You can do it. However, you'd like some people do. Kpis, like our last class of Co. Chicago this whole 2,024 every month. They've done Kpis. Other people do like a check in Round Table. Some people still do their 12 by 12,
Lilliana Robinson: so it's up to you guys. So you can keep Kpi calls, or you can do just general check-in. Be a mentor to new companies. If you're interested in being involved in the next class. I always like to know who raises their hand. Some of you who don't raise your hand, that I feel are like sniper shots for certain areas. I will reach out to you specifically. But I love to know who wants to get involved. Who wants to come back? Who wants to be on the alumni? Send me a penguin. I'm not gonna write it down right now, but I love seeing the hand.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, you took a picture.
Lilliana Robinson: Send me a ping, or maybe I'll send a message post and let you guys like comment below. But it's really helpful, because then I'll know who to like, ask and stuff we'll be making the schedule this summer. So if that's something you'd like, I'd love to have you guys back. You've been a phenomenal class.
Lilliana Robinson: join future workshops and run workshops with us. So that's what I was saying about certain areas. There are a few of you who have stood out in a few areas. Specifically. So if that's you, and we'd like you to come, be a Co host or just join into give your 2 cents in a workshop. We'll definitely do that as well. Yeah, the the number one angle for that is when you are continuously applying something that you learned a program to your company post program and it's starting to work. Or you have a story to tell about it.
Lilliana Robinson: We love people coming back and sharing those anecdotes and examples. It's like, here's how I applied what I learned in program in a different context or in the future. And I think it would be helpful for you all to know this now. So, and it's a great way for you to test how well you know something.
Lilliana Robinson: Right? So you're probably working, you know, expertise or intermediate level at a certain technique or framework or way of doing business. This gets you to another level of mastery by teaching another group of companies how to do the same thing.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool.
Lilliana Robinson: alright, and then CEO CTO, that's something also you can do. If the Cxo we mean Cxo there. If the Cxos or the Ceos really like those small groups, get together with your small groups. Some people do like lunch via zoom. So people do like breakfast, or you do it in person. You get together if you guys are in the same area. But a lot of people really love those small groups that we've made, and you've grown close with them. So that's another option to keep going if you'd like.
Lilliana Robinson: We already, said Founder Con. We already said, discord amplify is something that you guys have access to check your inbox from week one that's something like if you are trying to hire, or you have a big thing that you'd like to start to send out. There's this platform called Amplify. Rona's nodding. Is that something you've used?
Lilliana Robinson: No, I don't think you haven't used it. But other people do. Yeah. And then we talked about chat to exit out and reset the slide updated the next slide. Oh, okay.
Lilliana Robinson: just refresh it real quick. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Got you
Lilliana Robinson: bumped
Lilliana Robinson: sweet. Yeah, perfect. Okay, so we kind of already covered this. This used to be Neil and Nashi so now it's Neil but it'll also be whoever else is on our team going forward here in the bay.
Lilliana Robinson: So Liliana, still gonna be so early for San Francisco. And then we're gonna have, you know the rest of our team. You know, as we finalize that on Monday official new employee text. Ours will be Chloe
Lilliana Robinson: very easy. How is it?
Lilliana Robinson: Because Monday is her first day of her first full time, job undergrad? So it's very exciting, she finished with school. Her graduation is in July, so we're starting her now.
Lilliana Robinson: But yeah, so our our team will be available to you. But I think the plan for managing directors going forward. I may have mentioned this to some of you. They're trying. They're they're changing my job slightly.
Lilliana Robinson: So now I'm no longer managing the team to run the accelerator itself. And instead, I'm like this
Lilliana Robinson: Lone Wolf.
Lilliana Robinson: Available
Lilliana Robinson: entity of sorts. I don't really quite know. But my job is basically to work with all of my companies
Lilliana Robinson: end of the day. So I'm like a super mentor to all of the founders that I'm running through both program, but also post program. So I'm I'm gonna hopefully have more time to spend with all of you helping you out. Yeah, no, I'm still Md. But the role of Md. Is no longer to have the accelerator team that I manage and like lead.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't have anyone who reports the meeting.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's Liliana's shop going forward. So she's in charge of that stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: So their job is to be a thought leader to be portfolio support to all the alumni and to be like investment help during the program. So they'd like he's working one on one with the companies during program while I run the program. And then we're just kind of like peers doing that together. And it was also really
Lilliana Robinson: focused on sourcing. He has to pitch the companies we'd like to make offers to. He has to pitch them to David Cohen, and a couple of other people on an investment committee. Which is kind of nerve wracking, but that's what July is going to be. So we'll be helping him prepare for that. Yeah, I can share a secret with you guys, you promise to keep it.
Lilliana Robinson: for now this is recorded, are you sure? Is it?
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, it's being recorded. Pause, pause.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you. Sorry for everyone on the recording can't know the super secret thing. Alright. What else, Daniel? I I think that's it. Not nothing else. Here is really that important. We've reiterated these points. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: continue to learn. I love this. So the techstars, entrepreneurs. Toolkit is a great resource. This is something I've linked multiple times in the overviews. And it's also what our modules in base camp are based off of. So if there's anything in the entrepreneurs toolkit that you really like or want to dig in more. We have a list for that that we can instantiate in your base camp project. A few years ago, I think, in 2020, we built all of those out. This is also a great time to check in on mental wellness. Remember that we talked about that
Lilliana Robinson: that with Eric. We have a mental wellness pool kit that I have linked so you can search a base camp for it. That's really great. This is Brad Bell. He's one of the co-founders of techstars along with David Cohen. And he talks about his story here. So like I said, You're gonna hit the cliff.
Lilliana Robinson: So these are gonna be things that you're gonna start feeling, cause it's easy to kind of ignore all the strife that you're going through mentally and emotionally while you're in program, just like adrenaline and go go. And then when you're on the cliff and you're a little bit more alone, you might be going through certain things. So just help each other know that there are resources you reach out to us, and, just never let yourself suffer like that. So on this entrepreneur toolkit. You've probably some of you
Lilliana Robinson: seen it. It's a publicly available resource for anyone's toolkitstarscom
Lilliana Robinson: on the list will be a bunch of stuff that you already know and have exposure to, because you went through this program.
Lilliana Robinson: However, there's a few that I bet you have not gone through.
Lilliana Robinson: and one of those that I would implore you to
Lilliana Robinson: if you haven't already, in some way, shape or form is navigating co-founder relationships. That's one of my favorite exercises on this toolkit, because it makes sure that you're on the same page with whoever's on your team about your expectations, your compensation, your shared commitment, like, how like you are allocating responsibilities now is a really good time to revisit that, to make sure you're on the same page.
Lilliana Robinson: because if some of you are gonna go out there and put yourself in front of investors. It's like dead on arrival company. If they aren't on the same page as TV about what their plans and expectations of each other are
Lilliana Robinson: so I can't recommend that one navigating cofounder relationships.
Lilliana Robinson: a lot of co-founders, I think, face problems after techstars, because the things that just like mental health, the things that are problems are easy to kind of like, be hidden while you guys are just in the hustle bustle program. And then, right after program, those things kind of come to light. And we've seen a lot of co-founders go different, go their separate ways right after program because they're not taking that kind of stuff seriously. So getting ahead of it is the best thing to do that you guys keep the awesome teams together that you guys have.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, update countries like you said, Yeah, that helps our investment managers, investment managers are people who are in the portfolio Services department. They like help with Texas universe and different stuff like that. They might reach out to you. It's a new department.
Lilliana Robinson: No, and I have not seen very much from them yet. So you know the jury still out. But what I've heard is that they have these people that they've hired, that are gonna reach out to you to like help. So that may or may not happen. Let us know if they're doing a good job.
Lilliana Robinson: We're trying to hold them accountable and get more value and resources for you all. We're not counting on it, which is why we don't set a high expectation here. If they end up being beneficial, we'd love to know that. So we can be more supportive of others. Yeah, yeah, Nelson.
Lilliana Robinson: yes, I don't know who they are. Talk about ways to keep things up to date and to send for follow on investment. For example, like we have a slide on that coming up but just as a fun side note like.
Lilliana Robinson: movie, anybody know this movie. Thank goodness, alright, Nelson, you and I, we're good. Sorry, Jerry Maguire.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we're out here. It's fine. I'm sure Valeria doesn't, either. We're just chilling Jen to unite alright
Lilliana Robinson: textized talent. This is helpful for those of you.
Lilliana Robinson: This is helpful for those of you who are going to be hiring.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright! You're good. That was the Nina Simone. Move. She just waits.
Lilliana Robinson: This is helpful for those of you who are going to be hiring. So we have a talent network where you can find good job candidates and then on talent at techstars. I believe you can also report that you're hiring because there's an internal job board, I believe, where Texas employees can refer people who want jobs with text companies. So we're going to share this whole deck because all of these are like links. You can click.
Lilliana Robinson: So we'll post it in base camp. But click on these, because if you're hiring, text has ways to do it, and the network is one of the best ways. Neil is really good at hiring, and since I'm hiring across North America for techstores right now, something he taught me is just the best way
Lilliana Robinson: to get the best hire is through referrals like the front door is usually never the best way, because then you're basing it on your own ability to judge the best candidate, or you can use club breath. So that's awesome hiring resources. Okay, this is what I was talking about the job hosting board. And then there are things about best hiring practices as well. That are just articles you can read.
Lilliana Robinson: It looks like there's a question in the chat.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, no, it's just part of.
Lilliana Robinson: So today was asking about this monthly is okay. Now, you still need to send updates at Textcom. Oh, they added something. This is good. Here's why and who reads them? A lot of people wondered that. So if you're wondering that click that I'm not sure where it goes, but they probably answer it and also
Lilliana Robinson: they want to read them, because when you end up wanting, follow on funding, which is another slide we'll get to. They go back. So some of you have reached out. I think Burhan reached out and said.
Lilliana Robinson: Is Wanda not here?
Lilliana Robinson: Is Rhonda online.
Lilliana Robinson: They are not online. Okay? Alright
Lilliana Robinson: interesting. Okay. Well, we're hunt slipping.
Lilliana Robinson: We'll have to message him. Berhan, who is not here, said, nobody at techstars is opening my updates. What like? What's up with that? I keep sending it to updates at techstars. They're not opening it because they're not going to, or they do sometimes, but mostly they don't until you would like to be evaluated to see if we will invest, follow on funding. Then they go back.
Lilliana Robinson: They have people who read through them, and they also put them into algorithms to like track their progress lines, not dots. So we're trying to see the trend. So they're gonna look at the historical. That's why I see how you've been doing.
Lilliana Robinson: Yup. So keep sending them to updates@text.com. They will read them when you want them to
Lilliana Robinson: your cap table. If you have not set up your cap table yet. Do this. I feel like most people here alarm bells that you're way behind.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I don't know. If you got stuck with that just forward it over to us. Email address the legal person who helped move you guys through the process.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I know Pano. Or maybe you had a different. You might have had Sierra. But okay, email, Sierra, cause she's the one that can move the needle on that. Oh, yeah, they just changed that. That's great
Lilliana Robinson: global shares. Remember, we had a whole session on that. That's very good. Okay, follow on funding. This is the big one. If you prepared to raise. You have to let us know, because techstars has pro rata rights which legally require you to notify techstars of every venture, debt, or equity financing route. So that's important. Venture debt, too.
Lilliana Robinson: Just like, I think, David. No, Alex, from Nutris sense was explaining to you guys, Perada, it's very standard, and it's something we have, which basically means we meet, we maintain the right to buy
Lilliana Robinson: the same amount of equity we have in your company right now. So at the value that you're raising. So we have 6%. Maybe we have more. If you guys did the convertible note, we have program rights, I think only on the note. Is that correct? Because it's common stock on the 6%. So, however much we have depending on what your cap was in the preferred stock. We have the ability and the right to buy that amount in the like newly financed round. Does that make sense?
Lilliana Robinson: Sometimes exceptions have been made. So, for example, there's not a founder first or founder friendly deal where you're running on a room on your cap table, and you might even lose an investor text. Ours executes provider rights.
Lilliana Robinson: There's conversations that have happened in the past where I've advocated on a company's behalf for tech starts to not
Lilliana Robinson: exercise. They're right, or make an adjustment to it, or something like that. I can't guarantee anything, but I will absolutely go to bat for you, and what's best for you first, always.
Lilliana Robinson: if that surround is being done through sick.
Lilliana Robinson: it's not this. Yeah, that's not a you're not doing an equity finance around yet
Lilliana Robinson: today does this if we want to raise them
Lilliana Robinson: this demo day? Does this count always, you say this demo day? What are you talking?
Lilliana Robinson: If you're doing a if you're raising a round, the end of program is Thurs or Friday? Right? So after Friday, you're an alone.
Lilliana Robinson: So if you raise, if you are raising around when you're not a founder. The original deal that you had that's not the same round that closes. You're no longer a current founder. So this applies that highlighted part. You want to notify them as early as possible. When you have your first commitment, remember that what David Cone set that's just a first verbal commitment. It's a lot more loose than most people might think, and it's important so that you can give text
Lilliana Robinson: time to evaluate and get an answer back to you because they have a lot of people to evaluate. So the earlier the better. And it's also your fiduciary duty. So we have this intake form. It's very important you should probably bookmark it. Because that's how you let them know
Lilliana Robinson: if you have any other questions, or if there's any communications about your round. You email, legal text starts. I believe this, let us know, links to the same as the intake form. And then there's some Faqs about the follow on funding. This is not something that most of you will get.
Lilliana Robinson: Bill and I have a track record. The traditional like Stat is like one per program. We have a higher one. It's like 2 to 3 per program, which is pretty cool. Maybe we just invested great companies. But this is something you guys should expect.
Lilliana Robinson: It's all algorithmic. So like, we've been saying great things about you on via weekly reports this whole program. But it's a lot more about like tech services,
Lilliana Robinson: proprietary algorithm with how they do it. So we actually aren't even privy to that.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, shareholder reporting requirements. So this is just another legal thing that was in your deal.
Lilliana Robinson: So
Lilliana Robinson: on a quarterly basis, you need to do shareholder reporting. Neil will probably reach out to you guys we call them Qpr Quarterly. So someone on the text starts investment teams gonna reach out to you about this. Okay, so you guys just have another duty if you took the deal. Actually, this is part of our original text. Deal
Lilliana Robinson: that every quarter a portfolio manager will reach out to you, and you just need to fill out your metrics. That's it. It's just so that we, as text ours can keep our portfolio up to date with how everyone's doing. And we have numbers for our own projections.
Lilliana Robinson: and I'm sure, like other investors, that you have will need something similar. So this will be standard as you go through your fundraising journey, and the next slide just summarizes what we've already discussed. I don't wanna spend too much time on it. But just to understand all the different kind of components, notes, equity, acquisition, ipos, winding down all those things are worth. Like you, you should inform us of what's going on. Yeah, that's
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, you, the updates. That text us is not just for your monthly updates, you can send actual emails to them. So like, if you have a liquidation or like a closing down, you should email them and let them know. That's how you'd like report these things to text her. So they know your whereabouts. What's up?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: cool. They recommend having a founders at Company URL, because a lot of times that's what they default to when they're trying to get a hold of you guys. But they also have the CEO's email. That's just something. If you'd like a lot of people default to that. So I think that's useful to do. It's very low barrier. So if you want to do founders at your Gramcom, or whatever you'd like.
Lilliana Robinson: do that. Okay, so this is an Oldie. This is from before this quote up, because the last time we ran program it was 3 programs at once, and it was across 3 cities, and it was pretty crazy. It was San Francisco, Oakland, and Chicago, and it was me and Liana flying back and forth, and doing all crazy stuff. So I had to tell them like, Hey, I want your feedback. And I wanna make sure that we do right. There's no way we're gonna be perfect. So we know that we're flawed. We know that there's plenty of things that for us to work on, and we want to know what you all think of us, but at the same time
Lilliana Robinson: just know that we're trying our best to be our best for you. And and we can't be perfect. So if you go to the next slide, it breaks down more explicitly what this Nps thing means, because I think people misunderstand it.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know how many of you all understand how Mps works, but just to break it down
Lilliana Robinson: like people will simply think one to 10 and go oh, 5. That's better like, you know, it's average or 7 is pretty good. That's not how Mps actually works. So when someone puts a 7, it actually
Lilliana Robinson: like before, my L would literally email be or Lily on both of us going. What happened with this founder like? Did, are they unhappy with you? You know they'll ask me like story. So it's all good if that's how you actually feel. But I just want you to understand what the scale means and what it implies before you put in the support. There's one thing I won't do which I've heard of other programs doing which I don't agree with. And hopefully, it's no longer the case. But I've had some examples of some people in a similar position to me would tell founders not to fill it out unless it's a 10.
Lilliana Robinson: I would never say that I would never ask you to do that. I don't think that's appropriate. I think I want the actual
Lilliana Robinson: fast. But I think the reason that was happening was because, like I said, there are certain things that we are equipped with or enabled to do. If we have done a good job with our program and done well versus the ones that aren't doing so well. So if you think that we're deserving of the right marks to text us to know that we're still doing our job great. But if you have feedback for us, we want that too. And it's not just this. We're beginning so
Lilliana Robinson: so like, I want this to be a very authentic score. What makes me sad is like when someone puts a 7 or an 8, and I'll reach out to them after and like talk to them. I'll actually want a call, because it's like, Okay, what could I have done better, customer service, wise to make you happier, and they'll say, What are you talking about? I I loved it, and I was like.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, why did you put that score, you know. I don't want it to not reflect how you actually feel. I love learning why people didn't actually feel that it was a 9 or 10. That's great, because then that's how I can get better the next time. But I don't like this one. It doesn't actually reflect. We actually had one time last time. It's the first time it's ever happened. Someone put one in the red and thought it was a good rating.
Lilliana Robinson: and that was pretty bad because you can. We can't go back so like, even though I told Texas like Look, they didn't actually mean that they just. And right now, not all of you are here in these seats. So what usually happens is, there's a co-founder team that's not here. So like Rhonda's not here. So like people who don't hear us saying that
Lilliana Robinson: it's it's not great. So make sure that you tell your team to make sure that this is authentic. I wish it just didn't matter as much as it does, but it does
Lilliana Robinson: end of the day. It matters a lot we wouldn't be here now if we weren't actually taking this seriously.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, this is something we took. Take it seriously for a long time, and that's why they chose us to come out to the bay because our founders are some of the happiest founders. I love that. Okay, thanks for the okay. I think that's the conclusion
Lilliana Robinson: we pay that
Lilliana Robinson: 30 min to spare. So yes, we got 40 min we can just spend a few more to answering questions before we wrap up. Yeah, do you have any feedback for us? Yeah. So that's our off boarding.
Lilliana Robinson: We're about to have those today right in the next few days. Yeah, if I think of something.
Lilliana Robinson: I'll say it. Yeah. So it's like we have a thing between us where we don't. There's nothing we don't ever go to sleep at night holding on to something like we let each other know how we feel, so there's no guesswork going on in our heads. I do the same thing with y'all. So you you'll know how I feel. And if I have something right, I have an issue. I will have communicated that to you.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so you'll never have to guess how I feel about you. I either like you or I've told you. There's something I don't like. We're giving you a lot of tough love. I feel like we're. We've been pretty open throughout the whole thing. If that didn't happen to you, then you're just chilling.
Lilliana Robinson: but we'll tell you. We've given some feedback in the off boarding meetings last program. I feel like, so if there's anything left on said, we'll save.
Lilliana Robinson: No, it's a lot less about the business is a lot more about you as people and your experience. So we run our program the way I'd hope all of you run your your companies where it's like a white glove experience for your customers. And you guys are our users. So Neil and I came up with this 2 programs ago.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, something we do we? It's like, alright. How was your experience? Is there anything else we can do to serve you? To make your experience incredible. We wanna make sure we've addressed anything and everything that
Lilliana Robinson: between us, we either owe you or wanna make sure we do for you. Yeah, that's that white glove experience. 5 stars. What is it? 3. Michelin star
Lilliana Robinson: staying connected? Would would you like the mic? Yeah, are there other questions before we transition. Maybe we won't share it. But you can explain it.
Lilliana Robinson: Other questions about anything we shared.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Pause. The recording again. Hang out secret for you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: it's like, what's already like, 3 weeks week.
Lilliana Robinson: Same, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Investor calls and stuff. And you prep each other for them, too. Sometimes the founder will reach out because I I end up taking a lot of like referral calls.
Lilliana Robinson: So an investor will want to talk to me about you, or how you were in program or my thoughts on your business. So keeping me up to date is actually really helpful. Because then when I interact with investors, I could talk about how you're doing, too, and we're on the same page.
Lilliana Robinson: I I think the question was about like the quarterly investor calls. Neil is actually on a lot of those founders calls like, where you update your capable. Yeah. So he's on those he's on some people's board. Even the people who's he's not on their advisory board, which is just a choice enough to meals availability. But he's on a lot of like investor update calls quarterly for our founders. It's it's not a requirement. I think
Lilliana Robinson: he enjoyed being on them. You definitely should treat Neil as one of your investors on your cap table, just like any other institutional or angel and he'll go when he can. I think it's a good thing
Lilliana Robinson: cool, good question. Abandon
Lilliana Robinson: other questions.
Lilliana Robinson: Anything you need to know about post program. You've done a great job being so thorough with everybody. I'm grateful to you for keeping it all together.
Lilliana Robinson: Hello! That's very nice, our true captain. Let me turn the camera so I can see
Lilliana Robinson: what's up. Pardo. Okay. So I put together a spreadsheet
Lilliana Robinson: for monthly check-ins
Lilliana Robinson: and
Lilliana Robinson: our workshops that we can share with each other so like things like doing a brand workshop, or whatever that you can sign up and host some
Lilliana Robinson: workshops for us, and then also our annual reunion.
Lilliana Robinson: And then there's
Lilliana Robinson: places to sign up for that as well. So I'm not gonna do it all. I mean, I hope that y'all wanna like volunteer and own some things. So I heard that Chloe actually wants to be part of our reunion. That'll be cool super stoked about any specific thing. Oh, treat
Lilliana Robinson: was saying that we should also like send out like a monthly newsletter.
Lilliana Robinson: just with the link that way, like people know, like what we're up to.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know. It seems a little extra, but I kind of love it. Cause then, like, if you have updates, you can send it out to me. I don't know, anyway. So if you're like Super into like writing newsletters or planning events, or whatever like, there's room for all. I'll just make sure that we're like keeping moving forward. So that's it. I'll put it in the Whatsapp Group Chat, and I'll put it in the description. So you always know where to go back to
Lilliana Robinson: like if you're ever like. Oh, like, what? What's the upcoming event happening, or whatever. You can always just go back there. So it's gonna be the Whatsapp group and description. Oh, and then one last thing is, there's a contact section so like.
Lilliana Robinson: make sure you update it. I tried to format it, but I I put things like your your Instagram account, or your Linkedin, or whatever and that way like, if people want to follow each other, whatever do it, and then also treat how great ideas as well.
Lilliana Robinson: To put like where you live now. So that way, when we're going somewhere, we can see if anyone lives there. And then we also added a section that says, like, I have a couch, you can crash on and room. I have a house.
Lilliana Robinson: I have an apartment in chile or just like, if you like, don't have extra space. But you're well. You're down to like, get drinks just put, maybe like, for example, like Lisa lives in Hawaii. Don't don't bother her. She has skin like she doesn't have an extra room for you. And Hawaii is expensive. But anyways, like.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, you know what I mean.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Well, anyways, just ask J. Lo! One other thing I was gonna say is, for the traveling thing. You don't. It's not just exclusive to your class.
Lilliana Robinson: All of techstars you could reach out to. So if there's alumni in the place that you're going, they'll hang out with you. They were spawn a lot of the times like I know Brad, on our team for sure, has traveled all over the world, and he hangs out with text founders from all types of classes. He's crashed on couches. He's had extra rooms like the the greater Texas network opens it up as well. Same type of energy. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, I can put it in base camp, too. I'll I'll put it. I'll put it in base camp, and I'll put it in in our Whatsapp group.
Lilliana Robinson: And then oh, and then one last thing, I reckon, hate trying to email all. Y'all, I just copy per Hans like duplicate his calendar event. But like we're just gonna make one mailing list. And so whatever your preferred email is, update that on your contact sheet. And I'm just gonna put all of your emails into one mailing list for like text our spring 24 at
Lilliana Robinson: whatever the fuck.
Lilliana Robinson: anyways, so that it'll just be like, whenever you want to blast out the whole group. That's the email you use. Okay, is that just make it easier.
Lilliana Robinson: That's correct. Any other questions.
Lilliana Robinson: Fair enough. Thank you. Jayla.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. You guys are so lucky to have, Jayla. I've never seen someone so organized with getting the cohort together post program.
Lilliana Robinson: which is next week, when we're alumni in New York. There's that investor safety, Morgan thing that we call that invited to do you guys have any intel on
Lilliana Robinson: what we're gonna be doing with this thing just like a cocktail like, mix around. Yeah, I think it's an investor mixer, just like what we have tonight with aws and strength. I think it's like that.
Lilliana Robinson: And you can also meet the other alums from those programs which is almost equally as valuable. Because those people know a lot of people, too.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. And are you all gonna be out there. I won't. I'm on. I'm out next week because I think I told half of you. But my husband's graduating. So I'm gonna be on vacation.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm spending time with the the Homie. Jason free. You and I are going to spend a few days together.
Lilliana Robinson: Question those are both correct. So Sanjay to ask, Is it Neil dot Salas, or Neil Neil's an alias? So somehow he brought the it people back in 2,019. Yeah, everyone's super jealous of that. But they both work. They both work for everything.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I'm the only tech start that phone.
Lilliana Robinson: Most of these don't get single name email. Somebody does that great, you know. You get the stuff when you ask for it.
Lilliana Robinson: Other questions before we wrap last chance. Lisa, any other tips tricks from tech week.
Lilliana Robinson: the New York tech week. Oh, cause we told team port and not team starboard. What was your advice about like Buddy? Nothing
Lilliana Robinson: yesterday. Oh, okay, yeah. I gave this advice to half the room already. So if you don't have a plan already for tech week, something different does
Lilliana Robinson: just steal their plan or join them on their plan. That's what I would do if I were you at this point I wouldn't think about too much, and just figure out somebody who's smart. Do you respect so? Alright? Let's let's roll together.
Lilliana Robinson: It's a double benefit, because if you already have a plan, it's better to have people to go to all this stuff with and then be your wingman. It's better to network. Also, people who aren't going probably also want to like share. Right? That's right. That's that's really important. So some of you can't make it for legit reasons, and we totally understand
Lilliana Robinson: I would love it if those who are going give first to the rest of the class and hook up the connections, the opportunities you're networking, not just on behalf of yourself in your business, but you're thinking of other companies in your class that you might be able to like this is irrelevant to me. But this might relevant to this other company in my class. I'd love to connect you, you know. So that's a really really kind thing to do as a as a group.
Lilliana Robinson: which is all the more reason why you should know what's going on with each other, and how your business is
Lilliana Robinson: as a more well versed you are, and how each other in the class are doing. You can build things up and give us. If an investor says no to you, and they say a reason for like, it's out of scoping. As we're only making these types of investments, we can go. Well, okay, thank you for saying no to me. But maybe you want to say yes to this other company in my class that you might like.
Lilliana Robinson: It's a great move.
Lilliana Robinson: Things happening in New York. The Jp. Morgan thing is what Nelson talks about.
Lilliana Robinson: And there's more, there's definitely gotta be more so. Atlanta having their demo day really clever move on.
Lilliana Robinson: We're really excited, you know, like we're here meeting with investors like you build that Fomo. And everyone's going to be excited to meet you guys right? Like you're hot off the presses. Yes, you get like 3 demo days in a week.
Lilliana Robinson: Right? You get your demo day, and then 2 more in New York next week that you could like be a part of. And then there's people in the room that you probably want to meet.
Lilliana Robinson: You'll have to find it online. I don't know. But just Google, it, it'll be online. It's probably also in the list of things happening in that like 600 event lists, definitely just control for techstars. We also have those Co working desks. Remember, I post that in Base camp. That'll be a place where other alumni are like working. So you'll probably have serendipitous combos there, too
Lilliana Robinson: cool. Yeah, maybe. Do you? Do you see? Any
Lilliana Robinson: for for last points? I guess we've done
Lilliana Robinson: follow ups like, if you want to stay in contact with them.
Lilliana Robinson: Some people who want help from them. You guys have their emails, Nicole and Mousa. If you'd like to talk to them, email them. They probably love to meet with you in Chicago. We had, like 2 Fintech people who really wanted to meet with our partner out there, and they do they still meet? So that's really like on you guys, you have their emails. You know them. They'll be here tomorrow. So if it will, they be here tomorrow, did they confirm?
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, they may be here tomorrow during our pitch practice, which will be really fun, and then they'll definitely be on stage at demo day. So you guys will see them there, too. If you want to talk to them. They actually like they will randomly think people and stuff like when they were in Oakland they sent me a message. Me call was like, Hey, do you want to meet for a coffee?
Lilliana Robinson: Their other event was cancelled. So they ended up just coming all the way to Oakland for like a half an hour coffee, and then driving back, which is really kind of no, so they are really involved. And I don't really know what they wanted to do with me, because I'm not of impact. But I was really involved. They are really involved. And they're really, I was really honored by that. So just talk to them. They're super friendly and the best. So
Lilliana Robinson: they're invested in. Yes.
Lilliana Robinson: what's the best way for us to contact? Make, or do not need to.
Lilliana Robinson: or levy
Lilliana Robinson: like kind of like adding mentors. But,
Lilliana Robinson: How would you recommend this model.
Lilliana Robinson: If you can find their email, we can make a warm intro for you. It'll be a slower response rate, because we're going into like planning for the next program, so it won't be as fast as while you're in program. But we can make that warm intro. We can also try to track down an email for you if there's someone like you really want. But I would say, like, Give us a lot of lead time, because it'll take us so for both, even if they're not affiliated with our program.
Lilliana Robinson: I think the first move is for you to introduce yourself and try to contact them directly. It's the fastest way, and most of them will get back to you. The ones who don't get back to you after you politely follow up a couple of times politely. Don't expect or demand their attention. Sometimes they're busy. I even miss emails that people reach out to me for
Lilliana Robinson: what what we can do, though, is, you can let me know, or one of us know.
Lilliana Robinson: and then we'll find out either what program they're affiliated with, or in another way. I'll reach out to them directly and ask if they respond to you, or I'll reach out to the Md. Of the program where they have the relationship and ask them if it's okay. There's a lot of ways for us to get to someone, if it's really important to you, but just
Lilliana Robinson: start by trying to do it yourself first. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Great.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Well, I guess the rest of the day is off boarding right? And then we have Brent's workshop. I really want you all to come to Brent's workshop. So just so. You know he was a founder I invested in. I think it was over a year ago now he went through the last one of the last Chicago programs I ran, and, like Liliana, said, yesterday Britney went through this journey of coming out of program, thinking he was gonna fundraise, not succeeding at that, struggling, almost running out of money and then still pulling off a race.
Lilliana Robinson: It's an interesting story. It's fresh off the presses. I think it's a really really timely story for you all to hear. So definitely be there for that.
Lilliana Robinson: Then we have team, starboard offboarding meetings, half of you from 12 to one, so make sure you check. It's all in the calendar description. So we start with a where, and then just look after that 2 Pm. Is Brent's, and then we have team for offboarding. And then we have that event tonight. It's just super exciting the stripe and aws, angel event, all of you should be there. It's a phenomenal opportunity that we don't normally have, so I'm very excited about it. Did you all decide what we're doing Friday night.
Lilliana Robinson: Karaoke. Wait, no, see, I won't karaoke. So we got 3 Karaoke people. David said that we can post us at his house.
Lilliana Robinson: You can host all of us at your house.
Lilliana Robinson: They're a nice house.
Lilliana Robinson: What are you doing with all my brokers? Okay, we'll start there.
Lilliana Robinson: David, the Rso. Alright. Good. Okay, that's a good plan. I just wanted to know. Alright. Go hang out. See you in a bit.
Lilliana Robinson: Hi! People on zoom.